cinders soldiers must have not the other
two statues out of place heathens what
other two statues on the other side of
this door are two statues just like
these on all four statues the position
correctly the door opens yeah good I was
never good at geometry so what do you
want us to do spyro i need you to get in
there and move the statues in place me
how that a small tunnel that animals
used to access the caves find it and use
it yeah animals okay you know what you
do that and I'll wait here
here's something worth looking at
hey when in doubt break it right go nuts
any trouble a little insect troubled
nothing I couldn't handle little insects
my tail section
the past is prelude to a model Adam
promise I'll our sentence do not reject
us are you making that up it should open
for us there is a disturbance it seems
my fears have been realized they
desecrated the interior as well yes
we'll have to open it the old-fashioned
way make your way through the connecting
rooms restoring every statue you can
find hey you know what let's don't say
we didn't why don't you do it you want
my help money will pop up all right the
old guys coming to life
careful spiral syndesmosis are surely on
their way oh goody take a look at this
hey spiral what was that about I don't
really know I just felt like I had to
hit it and when I did the power of a
thousand suns thirds to my body right
okay well you know what you should
really sleep better you know I'm gonna
stop bugging you really need to get
eight hours forget I said anything let's
go
that's quite an entrance young dragon
there might be hope for us yet